Maam: I...
[alarmed breath]
W-What is this?!
Let me go!
-Maam: I said, let me go!
-Moruge: Now, now, young lady.
I wouldn't struggle
if I were you.
Moruge: This is the Undead
Legion's Underground Palace...
The entrance is further down
in this extinct volcano.
One wrong move
and into the abyss!
We've imprisoned
the girl as requested.
Hyunckel: Good work.
Also, there's some news.
A message just
arrived from a Heyedra.
It seems Hadlar, the Dark
Commander, will be here shortly.
Hadlar, huh?
Baduck: My name is Baduck.
I'm one of
Princess Leona's swordsmen.
Leona?!
Well, I'm just a
wandering soldier for now.
Tell me - is the
Princess safe?
Why, of course!
She told everyone,
don't you know;
"We'll be sure to win
once Dai arrives.
Just hold out until then!"
Huh?
So, uh... do you happen
to know where she is now?
Unfortunately, I do not.
I was separated
from everybody
when the Undead Legion
destroyed the temple.
I understand.
Don't fret.
The three most
powerful Sages in Papnica
are always by her side.
I'm sure they're all
still out there somewhere.
Dai: We got split up
from Gomechan,
so I guess it's
just us now, Popp.
Popp: Something tells
me that old man's
going to be disappointed
when he hears
Hyunckel kicked our butts.
Hey, uh...
Tell me, why didn't you use
the power of
your mark back there?
Well, listening
to Hyunckel's story,
I understood how he felt.
Understood?
I was raised by
monsters, as well.
And... if somebody ever took
Grampa Brass away from me,
I'd probably hate them.
I couldn't get mad when
I thought about that.
You doofus!
Popp: If we don't beat him,
we can't save Maam
or the Princess!
Right...
We fight him! One more time
- and we do it together.
No holding back!
Hadlar: The Underground Palace.
It's been fifteen years.
So, this place used to
be your home castle, did it?
Yes.
Hyunckel: Well, well,
the Dark Commander.
I see that you're
doing quite well.
So, to what do I owe
this surprise visit?
Call it a routine
inspection.
I understand
that the Dark King
has ordered you
to get rid of the boy,
but I had concerns.
Your concerns
are quite unnecessary.
I've already fought him once.
He was really
nothing special.
Next time,
I'll finish the job.
An obvious result
with strength such as yours.
However, you are human,
and also a former
student of Avan.
Flazzard has voiced
his doubts about you.
He's under the impression
that you might fail.
Oh, I'll show him.
Just let the
silly general complain.
The what - how dare you!
Listen here!
My orders come directly from
the Dark King Vearn, himself.
No one, monster or not, may
question the Dark King's rule!
Indeed. Just one
more thing, then.
Has Crocodine passed
through recently?
He left the Resurrection Fluid
before he was fully healed.
Hadlar: I thought he may have
taken it upon himself
to pursue the boy.
Haven't seen him.
Too bad. That's all.
You could stay and look around
for a while if you want.
Revel in the memories of
the empire's rise and fall.
Hyunckel [thought]:
"Dark Commander."
If only you'd been
strong enough,
my father
would still be here.
Just wait and I'll show you
how weak you really are.
Why, that insolent
little brat!
Unbelievable.
What does our Dark King
even see in him anyway?
Hadlar: Perhaps he picked him
on a whim, but I doubt it.
It was back
when Dark King Vearn
first chose the
Six Legion Commanders.
My Dark King,
I cannot agree with making
Hyunckel a Legion Commander.
He is human. And a student
of Avan, no less!
Vearn: I'm aware,
but he only learned from
Avan in order to destroy him.
Quite audacious,
wouldn't you say?
Furthermore, should
something happen to my power,
the Undead Legion
would suffer.
A living human
is the best candidate
to comfortably
control those forces.
Your majesty, why do
you favor him so much?
Vearn: It's his eyes.
Huh?
Vearn: His eyes
are magnificent.
They curse everything
they behold and
smolder with such
beautiful rage.
They are what I seek.
Truly the eyes of
an Underworld warrior.
[evil chuckle]
The Dark King may be great,
but his motives
are unfathomable.
Regardless, if Hyunckel
defeats Dai, then so be it.
On the other hand...
If he fails, then he's
given us reason to punish him.
Dai: [yawn]
Baduck: Ah, good morning, Dai!
Oh, yeah. Good morning.
I found you something.
This is my old Chain Mail.
I thought it
might come in handy.
Thank you.
Say, uh, have you
seen Popp anywhere?
He was in the forest earlier.
Dai: That's strange.
He never wakes up before me.
[startled grunts]
Dai: Popp!
What's going on?
What's it look like, rookie?
Popp: I just bound
with a brand-new spell.
A new spell?
We can't beat him by sword,
so we'll have to
beat him with magic.
Have you forgotten?
He said that his
armor repels all magic.
Dai, you know the
Weather-type spell,
Climatise, right?
Maybe...
Uh... Wait, what is it?
Never mind.
I just bound with
something called Reclimatise.
It allows you to
summon lightning clouds.
It's one of the most basic
spells for controlling weather,
but it's a good one.
Well, I've been up all
night thinking about it.
There's gotta be some way to use
the weather against Hyunckel...
Popp: And then I
found just the thing!
It's an attack spell that's
guaranteed to do some damage.
It's called Zapple.
Zapple?
Popp: Yeah!
So, the way I'm seeing it,
his armor can repel all magic,
but it still has to be
made out of metal, right?
That means, the shock from
an Electric-type spell
should be able to penetrate it
and damage him directly.
Y'see what I'm saying?
It's simple!
But, wait. Zapple is a
spell only a Hero can use.
You can't cast it, and I...
That's why we're going
to do it together!
Huh?
Popp: Zapple needs clouds
in the sky before it can
strike enemies
with lightning.
But if I can get the clouds
here with my new spell,
even your Magic Power should be
enough to drop a lightning bolt!
Oh.
That's brilliant!
So, you and I combine
our spells, defeat Hyunckel,
and then we rescue Maam!
Got it! Let's try this out!
Oh, Mighty spirits,
scattered across the heavens...
I need you to hear my voice!
Popp: Reclimatise!
Popp [thought]:
Oh, boy...
Maybe this spell was a
little too advanced for me.
Dai, do it! Now!
[roaring]
Zapple!
It worked! I did it!
Popp: You dummy...
Look closer.
Popp: You've already got the
clouds, so of course it worked!
What's the point if you
can't hit it?! Try again.
Hyunckel: Open it.
[alarmed grunt]
You don't have to worry.
You're... the bait
to lure in Dai.
Once I'm done, you can go.
Maam: Huh? You
don't mean that.
I won't hurt a girl,
no matter what.
It's against the
code of a warrior.
My father taught
me better than that.
He would always
do battle honorably.
I still believe that now.
You really respected him...
Hyunckel: Of course.
Makes sense.
And that's why you
still hate Master Avan
so much for what he did.
Yes, exactly!
How could I ever
forgive Avan for that?
Taking him from me in the
name of justice, and peace?!
Hyunckel, I'm so sorry.
You poor soul.
The pain of losing your
father was so great,
you had to blame someone.
But that doesn't mean you
should reject justice!
That wouldn't make
your father happy.
He might've been
in the Dark Army,
but he was still a good
and honorable man, wasn't he?
Be quiet!
Open your eyes. Hyunckel.
I know you're a
better man than this!
Maam: You're not
some coward who would
take out their anger
on others out of sorrow!
Hyunckel: Silence!
Hyunckel...
Dai: Zapple!
Baduck [thought]:
Those kids have been
going at it for half a day!
Dai, a little more!
Zapple!
That's good! You're
starting to hit it now!
Hyunckel: How could I
have done something like that?
It's infuriating,
but when I look into her eyes,
she is speaking the truth.
[devious chuckle]
You're still here, old man?
You seem to be
quite taken by that girl.
With one spell, I could make
her fall in love with you.
Zaboera: You may be strong,
but you lack experience in-
[startled yelp]
Easy...
Parasite.
You bring shame to
the Legion Commanders.
Now, begone!
[groaning]
You are going to
regret that! Mark my words.
Crocodine lost only because he
didn't heed my advice, either!
Hyunckel: Wrong.
I bet he lost because you put
poisonous ideas in his head!
I hate you!
Hyunckel [thought]: I no
longer have ears for anyone.
From this point forth,
I will fight as I see fit!
Zapple!
Yes, good. Now one more time!
Dai: Zapple!
Okay, that's it!
Now we can go
and rescue Maam!
Yeah!
Baduck: Hey!
Come on, you two.
Baduck: That's the entrance to
the base of the Undead Legion.
Dai: So Maam's down there?
Popp: It seems like it.
She wasn't at the temple...
So they probably
took her with them.
Then, Crocodine...
I don't know
what happened to him.
It looked like
he was still healing
from when he fought
against you, Dai.
That's strange.
The usual guards
don't seem to be around.
[chuckle]
Well how lucky
for us, then. Okay.
Let's go.
Baduck: Onward!
Huh?
With my mighty sword...
Popp: Wait, you don't
have to, old timer!
Did you say "old timer?"
They called me the greatest
swordsman in Papnica!
But, uh, we need you here
to keep watch just in case!
You have a point, I suppose.
Dai: We're off, then.
Baduck: Take good care!
It's for the best.
No offense,
but that old man couldn't
do anything against Hyunckel.
And same with us.
Zapple won't work underground.
So once we find Maam,
we run, and fast.
You got that?
Hyunckel will come after us.
Listen, I've been
mulling it over.
Hyunckel's the one
in the wrong here.
I mean, I get that he
has his reasons,
but that's no excuse for
destroying Papnica Kingdom.
I know...
To be honest...
when I fought him, I was
completely terrified.
I thought about running away
like I would have in the past.
Popp: But thinking about
justice, and Maam, and you...
well, it made me feel like
I had to try, no matter what.
And when that happened,
I felt a little less scared.
O-oh, so now I
come after Maam?
Come on! I'm being serious.
If we can get Hyunckel
to chase us outside,
that's when we fight him.
It'll work - just trust me.
What's going on?
omThose brats have
entered the palace!
Make sure to lead them to where
Master Hyunckel commanded!
Understood!
Maam: Oh, no. I've got
to get out of here!
[chirping]
G-Gomechan?!
How'd you get there?!
[explaining chirps]
Oh, you were worried
about me, so you stowed away?
[chirping]
Thank you.
Maam: Gomechan;
can you get those?
[chirp]
This place is enormous.
We're never going
to find the prison.
So this used to be
Hadlar's Dark Palace, huh?
[roaring]
[scared yells]
Maam: Frizzle!
Skeleton: The prisoner
has escaped!
Run for it!
[fleeing yells]
Popp, this way!
Oh, you think?!
Maam: It's narrow,
but hang in there.
If this is an air duct,
then it has to
lead outside somewhere.
[fleeing yells]
[chuckling]
Popp: There! An exit!
What is this place?
Hyunckel: It's the Colosseum
of the Underground Palace.
Popp: I told you
this was the wrong way!
Hyunckel:
The Dark Lord Hadlar
used to have prisoners
fight monsters here.
He enjoyed making a
spectacle of the battle.
I choose it now as the
perfect place to vanquish you!
Look at that; he's
already fully armored, Dai!
Dai: We can see
the sky from here.
It's time to meet your end.
What have you done with Maam?
Hyunckel: Don't worry.
Once you're gone,
I'll have no use for her.
She'll be safely released.
In fact, you can leave,
as well, little Mage.
Thanks but no thanks!
Well, Popp, we'll
fight here. You ready?
Yeah! Let's try to hit him
as soon as he raises his sword.
Hyunckel: I don't
need my sword.
I'll crush you just like this!
He's toying with us.
There's no way he's
going to use the sword.
You summon the clouds, Popp.
I'll distract him.
That sound good?
You think it'll work?
It's worth a shot.
Hyunckel: Have you given up?
[battle cry]
Hyunckel: Fool! Haven't you
realized you're outmatched?!
Hyunckel: He's
anticipating my movements?!
Popp: Nice going, Dai.
Just hold on a little longer!
Popp: Oh, mighty spirits,
scattered across the heavens...
I need you to hear my voice!
Wow...
A hidden room?
Maam: Oh! A treasure chest!
Should we look inside?
[unsure chirp]
Well, maybe it's a Cannibox.
[frightened chirp]
Or maybe it contains
some powerful,
legendary weapon, so...
Maam: This... This is...
Hyunckel [thought]:
Just one fight
and he's keeping
up with me?
Hyunckel: Curse you!
Hyunckel: What?!
Chain Mail?!
Hyunckel: Very well.
If it's a gruesome
death you seek,
I'll finish you off
with my blade of hell!
Okay...
Hyunckel: Time to die!
Dai: All right...
Popp, now!
Reclimatise!
Hyunckel: What?!
Take this!
Dai: Zapple!
[pained yell]
I-it worked!
[amazed chuckle]
Popp: We did it! Hooray!
Popp: [cheering]
Narrator: When the Zapple
spell fails to stop him,
the Dark Swordsman strikes back
with an overwhelming fury...
And soon Dai falls prey
to his Bloody Scryde.
But just when it seems
like it's all over,
Maam reveals a shocking truth
about Hyunckel's father,
And our young Hero
rises for another bout!
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Deciding Moment".